Position Title Department
AI Engineer Innovation

Reports to (Title) Location Role type Direct reports
Head of Innovation Brisbane Fulltime 0
About us

We are proudly owned by Auto & General Insurance Company. The A&G group is made up of trusted and well-
known brands such as iSelect, Compare the Market and Budget Direct. In late 2024, iSelect and Compare the Market

formed a new Aggregation business within the A&G group and now support millions of Australians to compare and
buy their personal finance and household products such as insurance, energy, and loans.
iSelect
At iSelect, we’re passionate about making Australians’ lives easier by saving them time, money, and effort. With over
20 years’ experience, we are a one-stop destination for comparison and purchasing across insurance, utilities, and
personal finance products. We compare a wide range of brands and our trained comparison experts help customers
to compare, select and save more, putting them in control.
Compare the Market
At CTM, our Noble Purpose is to make a difference in the lives of Australians by simplifying the process of making
sound financial decisions. This Noble Purpose is our cultural ‘north star’ guiding our direction, prioritisation and
decision making.
As part of our Aggregation business, we've unified our IT teams across iSelect and Compare the Market, creating one
collaborative powerhouse to drive innovation and efficiency.
Purpose of the Role
As an AI Engineer, you will provide technical leadership and expertise, driving the design, development, and delivery
of innovative AI solutions for the Aggregation business.
You will ensure technical excellence through modern AI development practices, data driven thinking, strategic
technology use, and alignment with business goals. This role actively contributes to architectural decisions, promotes
best practices, and supports a culture of continuous innovation with the business.
Key Accountabilities
Own AI feature delivery: work from discovery to production; define technical approaches, identify clear entry and
exit points, and assist with rollout plans for new AI capabilities.
Build with AI: design prompts; orchestrate LLMs; implement retrieval augmented generation and memory; integrate
with model context protocol; ensure observability; support evaluations; build a repeatable AI delivery lifecycle.
Lay a solid foundation: influence key decisions on the future of AI in the Aggregation Business; establish AI
engineering standards (prompt patterns, guardrails, observability, evaluation, cost optimisation); DevOps for AI
artefacts; document decisions and trade-offs; ensure alignment with company AI policies
Mentor and multiply: coach engineers on AI and productionising AI solutions.
Partner with product, data and engineering teams: translate customer needs into measurable AI outcomes;
instrument usage, quality, reliability; iterate based on data.

Position Description

Technical qualifications and experience
• 5+ years of experience in full-stack environments.
• Hands-on experience taking AI features to production under real world constraints: scale, latency, cost and
regulatory risk.
• Demonstrated expertise in system design and integration, including foundation model selection, agentic
framework choice, multi-modal input handling (structured data, text, and speech), RAG pipelines (chunking,
embeddings, vector stores), and MCP.
• Proficiency in Python essential. Proficiency in other languages (Typescript/JavaScript, C#, Java, SQL)
desirable
• Experience with AWS Cloud (including Bedrock), Databricks, Kubernetes, serverless, event-driven
architectures.
• Proficient in modern DevOps practices, observability, and end-to-end software development essential.
• Curiosity and willingness to adapt in a fast-moving field essential
Our Values

Drive. We are focused, accountable, and committed to doing great work that
makes a real impact. We keep pushing forward - always looking for ways to
improve and grow.
Noble Intent. We do what's right for our customers, our business, and each
other. We lead with integrity and act on evidence.
All Together. We bring our best energy and enjoy the ride. We include everyone
and celebrate our shared success.